---------- Recipe via Meal-Master (tm) v8.02
 
      Title: ARNAVUT CIGERI (LAMB'S LIVER WITH RED PEPPERS
 Categories: Middle east, Turkish, Side dish, Offal, Publication
      Yield: 4 servings
 
      2 sm Onion; peeled, sliced 1/8
           ;inch thick and separated
           ;into rings
      1 tb Salt
    1/4 ts Salt
    1/4 c  Parsley; finely chopped and
           ;preferably flat leaf
    1/4 ts Hot red pepper; crushed
      1 lb Lamb's liver; trimmed and
           ;cut into 1/2 inch cubes, or
           ;1 lb. calf's liver, trimmed
           ;and cubed
    1/4 c  Raki; or ouzo or pernod or
           ;any other anise flavored
           ;aperitif
    1/4 c  Flour
    3/4 c  Olive oil
           Black pepper; freshly ground
      2    Red Peppers, long; Italian
           ;type, cut in half, deribbed
           ;seeded, and cut lengthwise
           ;into 1/8 inch wide strips
 
    Place the onion rings in a sieve or colander,
  sprinkle with 1 tablespoon of the salt, and turn them
  about with a spoon to coat them evenly. Let them rest
  at room temperature for 30 minutes, then rinse under
  warm running water and squeeze them gently but
  completely dry. In a large bowl, toss the onions,
  parsley and red pepper together until well mixed. Set
  aside.
    Drop the liver into a bowl, pour in the raki and
  stir together for a few seconds.  Then pour off the
  raki.  Toss the liver and flour together in another
  bowl, place the liver in a sieve and shake through all
  the excess flour.  In a heavy 10 to 12 inch skillet,
  heat the oil over high heat until a light haze forms
  above it.  Add the liver and stir it about in the hot
  oil for 1 or 2 minutes, or until the cubes are lightly
  browned. Stir in the remaining 1/4 teaspoon of salt
  and a few grindings of pepper. With a slotted spoon,
  transfer the liver to paper towels to drain.
    Mound the liver in the center of a heated platter,
  arrange the onion-ring mixture and red pepper strips
  around it and serve at once.
 
-----
 
